# Iteration 2 Readme

### 1. Team Member Names

Sixuan Wang: sw3513 <br />
Yanhao Li: yl4735 <br />
Yaning Ling: yl4741 <br />

### 2. Instructions to Run the Program

We use Codio as our development tools, first, create a new ruby on rails project, then in the terminal and run: <br />
$ git clone -b iter2-final https://github.com/mazyMax/hmdecide.git <br />

#### NOTE: invite @DelphianCalamity, @chini5ko, @wyjw for access the github

Then enter our project by running: <br />

`$ cd hmdecide/ `
And then run: <br />

```
$ bundle install --without production
$ yarn install --check-files
$ bundle exec rake db:migrate
$ bundle exec rake db:test:prepare
$ rake cucumber
$ rake spec
```

Now the installation is done, then run: <br />
`$ rails server -b 0.0.0.0` <br />
You will encounter an error because the new url generated by Codio should be added into our config/environments/development.rb <br />
You should replace the line like: <br />
`config.hosts << "africa-south-3000.codio.io"` <br />
with the new url popped up in the Box URL like: <br />
`config.hosts << "beast-mile-3000.codio.io"` <br />
Then you need to stop the server, restart it, click the BOX URL, And you will see the website's home page saying: "Help me Decide! Vote Anytime, Anywhere" <br />
Now you may see some posts on the home page, you have to sign up for our website before creating a new vote. After logging in, you could create a new vote, navigate to profile and update your account or log out. <br />
To see cucumber test results, run: <br />
`$ rake cucumber` <br />
To see spec test coverage results, run: <br />
`$ rake spec` <br />

Our cucumber and spec testing results are as in the attached files.

<h3>
    3. User stories and RSpec

For User stories,  we tested user login and logout, the forget password procedure, view profile,  edit profile, update account, create new posts and choices, search function on the home page and vote function.

For RSpec, we tested all functions and models defined in our project, as you can see in our /spec folder, we defined controller_spec, factoryBot, mailers and model_spec.

### 4. Heroku Link:

https://aqueous-reaches-61224.herokuapp.com/

### 4. Link to Github Repo:

https://github.com/mazyMax/hmdecide/tree/iter2-final

### 5. Features we've  implemented and not

a. Fully Implemented: <br />
    User sign up, log in, log out, update user account like username and password, edit user's detailed information like bio and phone. Home page show all the posts. 
    Search function by keywords, upload a picture for post cover, upload image for a voting choice, dynamic choice adding button, initialize a post and voting choice or
    choices in one view page, delete post function. Better UI design and interaction experience. Fix jquery and css bugs. 100% spec coverage.<br />

b. Half Implemented: <br />
    When we test using Capybara and cucumber, we have had a hard time catching the "link_to_add_association" tag, which is needed in our nested form implementation created by cocoon gem in our cucumber, after searching Google and follow suggestions offered in Piazza, they all failed to resolve our problem. Then we have the reason to believe it may cause by some bugs by cocoon gem and Capybara gem. We've sent email to the developer of gem cocoon and Capybara but we haven't got any reply, which unfortunately make  our user story testing extremely challenging because we can barely test the show, delete or search function without first creating them. Though in our app these functions all work well by manually test by various trys and devices and we do have a good rspec coverage result, which could prove reliability and usability of our app.
    <br />

c. Implement in Future Iterations: <br />
    Fix test problems. More aesthetically pleasing UI design and reasonable and smooth user experience.
